PRIVACY POLICY :

This privacy policy governs your use of the software application (“VMS TarunaCipta Kencana”) for mobile devices that was created by PT SPADA MEDIA INFORMATIKA. The Application is a private application for PT TarunaCipta Kencana to update job status for their boarding officer.
What information does the Application obtain and how is it used?

User Provided Information

There is no registration in this application, the user can only registered using VMS web application system of TarunaCipta Ke

The user can only provide the status of every job that has been assigned by Job Manager of PT TarunaCipta Kencana.

Automatically Collected Information

In addition, the Application may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile devices unique device ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browsers you use, and information about the way you use the Application.

Does the Application collect precise real-time location information of the device?
This Application does not collect precise information about the location of your mobile device.

Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application?

No. This application only used by private organization.


This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy here and info(at)spada-informatika(dot)com. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.

Your Consent

By using the Application, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. “Processing,” means using cookies on a computer/hand held device or using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information, all of which activities will take place in Indonesia.

Contact us

If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at info(at)spada-informatika(dot)com.
